Manage measurement family (#528)
akeneo/pim-helpcenter: content/md/first-steps/manage-your-measurements.md

---
id: manage-your-measurements
themes: catalog-settings
title: Manage your **measurements**
popular: false
ee-only: false
related: what-about-measurements, manage-your-attributes
---

# See all your measurement families

**Measurement families are used to store your product information with measurement i.e. weight, length or frequency inside your PIM**.    
For more details about measurements, please read [this article](what-about-measurements.html).  

> To see all your measurement families, edit them or create a new measurement family, go to the `Settings/Measurements` menu:

Author: Ok I add it

- *Label* is the label of a measurement family in the [UI locale](manage-your-account.html#your-interface-default-language)
- *Code* is the identifier of a measurement family
- *Standard unit* is the unit used to convert the other units of a measurement family
- *Number of units* is the number of units for a measurement family (standard unit included)

![List of measurement families](../img/Settings_Measurement_Families.png)

> You can search on the label or code of measurement families and you can sort on all the columns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the label or the code to search your measurement families. You can also sort all the columns. 
```

# How to create a measurement family?

To create a new measurement family, follow these steps:
1.  Go to `Settings/Measurements`
1.  Click on `Create`
![Create a measurement family](../img/Settings_Measurement_Families_Create.png)
1.  The pop-in to create a measurement family is displayed
1.  Input the new measurement family code (this code is required and must be unique)

> 1.  Input its label in the current [UI locale](manage-your-account.html#your-interface-default-language)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Fill in the label in the current [UI locale](manage-your-account.html#your-interface-default-language)
```

> 1.  For the standard unit used to convert the other units of this measurement family, input its code (this code is required and must be unique), its label in the current [UI locale](manage-your-account.html#your-interface-default-language) and symbol

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  For the standard unit used to convert the other units of this measurement family, add the code (this code is required and must be unique), the label in the current [UI locale](manage-your-account.html#your-interface-default-language) and the symbol
```

Reviewer: I feel like I'm missing a definition of 'symbol'

Author: because it's never used ;)

1.  Click on `Save`

> The measurement family is now created and the screen to display and [add others units](#manage-units-in-a-measurement-family) opens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The measurement family is now created and the screen to display and [add other units](#manage-units-in-a-measurement-family) opens.
```

::: warning
The **standard unit** is set once and for all.
:::

:::info

> To guarantee that the PIM is functional and runs smoothly, we defined a volume limitation of 100 measurement families. If you try to create more than 100 measurement families, you will have a blocking message.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To guarantee that the PIM is functional and runs smoothly, we defined a volume limitation of 100 measurement families. If you try to create more than 100 measurement families, you will receive a blocking message.  
```

:::

# Edit properties of a measurement family
To edit a measurement family:
1.  Go to `Settings/Measurements`

> 2.  Select the measurement family to edit in the grid and click on the line or on the edition shortcut

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2.  Select the measurement family you want to edit in the grid and click on the line or on the edition shortcut
```

3.  Translate the labels in the `Properties` tab and click on `Save`

# Manage units in a measurement family
To manage units in a measurement family:
1.  Go to `Settings/Measurements`
2.  Select the measurement family to edit in the grid and click on the line or on the edition shortcut
3.  Manage the units in the `Units` tab and click on `Save`

## Add a unit to a measurement family

> Once you are on your measurement family edit form, go under the `Units` tab:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you are on your measurement family edit form, go to the `Units` tab:
```

1.  Click on `Add unit`
1.  The pop-in to add a new unit to a measurement family is displayed
1.  Input the new unit code (this code is required and must be unique)

> 1.  Input its label in the current [UI locale](manage-your-account.html#your-interface-default-language) and its symbol

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Fill in the label in the current [UI locale](manage-your-account.html#your-interface-default-language) and the symbol
```

> 1.  Input the conversion operations to convert the unit into the standard unit (click on `Add new operation` to add several conversion operations, click on the cross to remove an operation)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Input the conversion operations to convert the unit to the standard unit (click on `Add new operation` to add several conversion operations, click on the cross to remove an operation)
```

1.  Click on `Add`, the screen with all the units opens
1.  Translate the labels of the added unit in the `Label translations` section
1.  Click on `Save`

The unit is now added.

::: warning

> When a [product attribute](manage-your-attributes.html#create-an-attribute) is linked to a measurement family, once a unit is created, you will only be able to edit its translated labels and symbol.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a [product attribute](manage-your-attributes.html#create-an-attribute) is linked to a measurement family, once a unit is created, you will only be able to edit its translated labels and symbols.
```

Author: Only one symbol and several labels per locale

:::

::: info
One conversion operation per unit is required and you can have a maximum of 5 conversion operations per unit.
:::

:::info
If you have several conversion operations, the order of the conversion operations is important.

> For example, for the `Weight` measurement family to convert the `Fahrenheit` unit in the standard unit `Kelvin`, you need to define 3 conversion operations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, for the `Weight` measurement family to convert the `Fahrenheit` unit to the standard unit `Kelvin`, you need to define 3 conversion operations:
```

1. Subtract 32
2. Divide by 1.8
3. Add 273.15
:::

::: tips

> If you have several units to add, you can stay in the `Add a new unit` pop-in to add quickly as many units as needed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have several units to add, you can stay in the `Add a new unit` pop-in to quickly add as many units as needed:
```

1. Input the first record label
1. Tick `Create another unit`
1. Press `Enter`
1. Add the code, label, symbol and conversion operation for each record
1. Once you've done, press `Esc` or `Echap`   
:::

## Edit a unit in a measurement family

> Once you are on your measurement family edit form, go under the `Units` tab:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you are on your measurement family edit form, go to the `Units` tab:
```

> 1.  Click on a unit in a list

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Click on the unit you want to edit in the list
```

1.  Edit its symbol
1.  Edit its conversion operations (click on `Add new operation` to add several conversion operations, click on the cross to remove an operation)
1.  Translate the labels of the unit in the `Label translations` section
1.  Click on `Save`

> You can change the following properties of an unit:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can change the following properties of a unit:
```

- *Symbol*: the symbol of the unit

> - *Conversion operations*: the operations to convert the unit into the standard unit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- *Conversion operations*: the operations to convert the unit to the standard unit
```

- *Label translations*: the translated labels for the unit for all the [UI locales](manage-your-account.html#your-interface-default-language)

::: warning

> When a [product attribute](manage-your-attributes.html#create-an-attribute) is linked to a measurement family, you will only be able to change the translated labels and symbol of existing units.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a [product attribute](manage-your-attributes.html#create-an-attribute) is linked to a measurement family, you will only be able to change the translated labels and symbols of existing units.
```

Author: Done

> When a [product attribute](manage-your-attributes.html#create-an-attribute) is linked to a measurement family, you will only be able to change the translated labels and symbol of existing units.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a [product attribute](manage-your-attributes.html#create-an-attribute) is linked to a measurement family, you will only be able to change the translated labels and symbol of existing units.
```

:::

## Delete a unit in a measurement family
Once you are on your measurement family edit form, go under the `Units` tab:

> 1.  Click on the bin icon in the grid or on `Delete unit` button

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Click on the bin icon in the grid or on the `Delete unit` button
```

1.  Click on `Save`

::: warning
When a [product attribute](manage-your-attributes.html#create-an-attribute) is linked to a measurement family, you won't be able to delete its units.
:::

# Delete a measurement family

> You have two ways of removing a measurement family.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You have two ways to remove a measurement family.
```

> Through the measurement family form:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From the measurement family form:
```

1. Go to `Settings/Measurements` to list the measurement families

> 1. Click on the measurement family to delete

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click on the measurement family you want to delete
```

1. Click on `...` for other actions and then `Delete measurement family` on the top right corner

> 1. Confirm the action via the validation message

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Confirm the action from the validation message
```

Through the `Delete` shortcut in the grid:
1. Select the measurement family you want to remove from the measurement family grid

> 1. Place your mouse over the line of measurement family in the grid, the button delete is prompted (trash can icon)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Place your mouse over the line of the given measurement family, the button delete is prompted (trash can icon)
```

1. Click on the trash can icon

> 1. Confirm the action in the validation message

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Confirm the action from the validation message
```

::: warning

> When a [product attribute](manage-your-attributes.html#create-an-attribute) is linked to a measurement family, you won't be able to delete the measurement family.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a [product attribute](manage-your-attributes.html#create-an-attribute) is linked to a measurement family, you won't be able to delete the measurement family.
```

You can use the label or the code to search your measurement families. You can also sort all the columns.

# How to create a measurement family?

To create a new measurement family, follow these steps:
1.  Go to `Settings/Measurements`
1.  Click on `Create`
![Create a measurement family](../img/Settings_Measurement_Families_Create.png)
1.  The pop-in to create a measurement family is displayed
1.  Enter the new measurement family code (this code is required and must be unique)
1.  Fill in the label in the current [UI locale](manage-your-account.html#your-interface-default-language)
1.  For the **standard unit used to convert the other units of this measurement family**, add the code (this code is required and must be unique), the label in the current [UI locale](manage-your-account.html#your-interface-default-language) and the symbol
1.  Click on `Save`

The measurement family is now created and the screen to display and [add other units](#manage-units-in-a-measurement-family) opens.

![Measurement family with standard unit](../img/Settings_Measurement_Families_Standard_Unit.png)

::: warning
The **standard unit** is set once and for all.
:::

:::info

> To guarantee that the PIM is functional and runs smoothly, we defined a volume limitation of 100 measurement families. If you try to create more than 100 measurement families, you will receive a blocking message.  

Author: ```suggestion
To guarantee that the PIM is functional and runs smoothly, we defined a volume limitation of 100 measurement families. You can not create more than 100 measurement families.  
```

> If you need more than 100 measurement families, please reach our support team and explain your use case.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you need more than 100 measurement families, please reach out to our support team and inform them about your use case.
```

1.  Click on `Add`, the screen with all the units opens
![Measurement family add unit](../img/Settings_Measurement_Families_Add_Unit_Labels.png)
1.  Translate the labels of the added unit in the `Label translations` section
1.  Click on `Save`

The unit is now added.

::: info
One conversion operation per unit is required and you can have a maximum of 5 conversion operations per unit.
:::

:::info
If you have several conversion operations, **the order of the conversion operations is important**.  
For example, for the `Temperature` measurement family to convert the `Fahrenheit` unit to the standard unit `Kelvin`, you need to define 3 conversion operations:
1. Subtract 32
2. Divide by 1.8
3. Add 273.15
:::

::: tips
If you have several units to add, you can stay in the `Add a new unit` pop-in to quickly add as many units as needed:
1. Enter the first record label
1. Tick `Create another unit`
1. Press `Enter`
1. Add the code, label, symbol and conversion operation for each record
1. Once you've done, press `Esc` or `Echap`   
:::

:::info

> To guarantee that the PIM is functional and runs smoothly, we defined a volume limitation of 50 units per measurement family. If you try to create more than 50 units per measurement family, you will receive a blocking message.  

Author: ```suggestion
To guarantee that the PIM is functional and runs smoothly, we defined a volume limitation of 50 units per measurement family. You cannot create more than 50 units per measurement family.  
```

> If you need more than 50 units per measurement family, please reach our support team and explain your use case.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you need more than 50 units per measurement family, please reach out to our support team and inform them about your use case.
```

> If you need more than 50 measurement units per measurement family, please reach our support team and explain your use case.

Author: ```suggestion
If you need more than 50 units per measurement family, please reach our support team and explain your use case.
```

---
id: manage-your-measurements
themes: catalog-settings
title: Manage your **measurements**
popular: false
ee-only: false
related: what-about-measurements, manage-your-attributes
---

# See all your measurement families

> **Measurement families are used to store your product information with measurement i.e. weight, length or frequency inside your PIM**.    

Author: Ah yes mieux :)

> **Measurement families are used to store your product information with measurement i.e. weight, length or frequency inside your PIM**.    

Author: ```suggestion
**Measurement families are used to store your product information with measurement e.g. weight, length or frequency inside your PIM**.    
```

You can use the label or the code to search your measurement families. You can also sort all the columns.

# How to create a measurement family?

To create a new measurement family, follow these steps:
1.  Go to `Settings/Measurements`
1.  Click on `Create`
![Create a measurement family](../img/Settings_Measurement_Families_Create.png)
1.  The pop-in to create a measurement family is displayed
1.  Input the new measurement family code (this code is required and must be unique)
1.  Fill in the label in the current [UI locale](manage-your-account.html#your-interface-default-language)
1.  For the standard unit used to convert the other units of this measurement family, add the code (this code is required and must be unique), the label in the current [UI locale](manage-your-account.html#your-interface-default-language) and the symbol
1.  Click on `Save`

The measurement family is now created and the screen to display and [add other units](#manage-units-in-a-measurement-family) opens.

![Measurement family with standard unit](../img/Settings_Measurement_Families_Standard_Unit.png)

::: warning
The **standard unit** is set once and for all.
:::

:::info

> To guarantee that the PIM is functional and runs smoothly, we defined a volume limitation of 100 measurement families. If you try to create more than 100 measurement families, you will receive a blocking message.  

Author: Yes, added

1.  Click on `Add`, the screen with all the units opens
![Measurement family add unit](../img/Settings_Measurement_Families_Add_Unit_Labels.png)
1.  Translate the labels of the added unit in the `Label translations` section
1.  Click on `Save`

The unit is now added.

::: info
One conversion operation per unit is required and you can have a maximum of 5 conversion operations per unit.
:::

:::info
If you have several conversion operations, the order of the conversion operations is important.  
For example, for the `Temperature` measurement family to convert the `Fahrenheit` unit to the standard unit `Kelvin`, you need to define 3 conversion operations:
1. Subtract 32
2. Divide by 1.8
3. Add 273.15
:::

::: tips
If you have several units to add, you can stay in the `Add a new unit` pop-in to quickly add as many units as needed:
1. Input the first record label
1. Tick `Create another unit`
1. Press `Enter`
1. Add the code, label, symbol and conversion operation for each record
1. Once you've done, press `Esc` or `Echap`   
:::

:::info

> To guarantee that the PIM is functional and runs smoothly, we defined a volume limitation of 50 units per measurement family. If you try to create more than 100 measurement families, you will receive a blocking message.  

Author: Ah yes merci :)
